From ancient times,
Jehovah’s people have had
established places of worship.
That pattern has continued down to our time.
Today, we meet in Kingdom Halls
around the world.
It’s here that we receive
spiritual refreshment
and direction through Jehovah’s organization.
And it’s here that we enjoy
encouraging association
with our brothers and sisters.
But our Kingdom Halls do something else.
They are centers for pure worship
in the local communities.
In Indonesia, where I live,
our congregation invited
local government officials and neighbors
to an open house of our Kingdom Hall
prior to the dedication.
The mayor attended, and he was impressed
by the quality of the building,
its functionality,
and its beautiful garden.
He said,
“The cleanliness of this hall
reflects your true faith.”
That comment made us feel so proud
to be serving our God, Jehovah.
Experiences like these remind us
never to take our places of worship
for granted.
So how can we personally
show Jehovah our gratitude
for our Kingdom Halls?
When our Kingdom Halls
are kept clean and tidy,
it reflects the qualities and personality
of the God we worship
—a God of order.
Regular cleaning
also helps protect the health
of all those attending.
Additionally, regular maintenance
helps prolong
the existence of the building itself.
While congregations are
primarily responsible for maintenance,
LDC representatives can assist where needed
and train others to care
for inspections and repairs safely.
Remember, one should never do
any risky work at the Kingdom Hall alone.
And always follow safety instructions.
When problems are identified early,
they can be corrected
with less time and money.
We honor Jehovah
when we use donated resources wisely,
much as we do
when making donations in the first place.
In Bible times, when funds were needed
to renovate the house of Jehovah,
many happily responded.
Whether they had little or much,
they donated generously.
Our Kingdom Halls are
more than just buildings;
they are places of worship
dedicated to Jehovah.
And by caring for them
in the best way we can,
we show love for our brothers, new ones,
and most of all,
Jehovah
—the one who lovingly provides his people
with beautiful places of worship.